Bots can now set activity state (#6345)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Gateway_Events.md

| buttons?        | array of [buttons](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/activity-object-activity-buttons)     | Custom buttons shown in the Rich Presence (max 2)                                                                                |

> info

> > Bots are only able to send `name`, `state`, `type`, and `url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bot users are only able to set `name`, `state`, `type`, and `url`.
```
